Hello, my name is Michael Hoffman.
In this module I'll be demonstrating the first step for adding a
new feature to the JHipster generated project.
I generated a project in the last module called patient portal.
The business case is to allow patients to interact
with their physicians in a practice.
Eventually this is going to be a full functioning application,
but to start with I just want a feature that allows
patients to manage their appointments.
In this module, we will be focusing on the first step for this new feature.
I need a user to be able to log in to the application.
The user is a patient in the practice,
and they're going to need to enter login information,
including their username and password,
to gain access to the authenticated portion of the website.
As we continue in the course,
we will add the ability for this logged in patient to
request appointments with their physician.
We will also add the ability for the patient to view the
appointment requests that they've made.
Before we can start working on patient login, let's get the application server started.